*PRIVATE* *PRIVATE* *PRIVATE* *PRIVATE*
---------------------------------------
Title: Know-how to become a 1337 hacker
Author: x90<x90cx90c1 [at] gmail.com>
Date: 2021.12
---------------------------------------
*PRIVATE* *PRIVATE* *PRIVATE* *PRIVATE


--------------------------------
 Table of Contents
--------------------------------
        1. Hacking
        2. Hacking Stuffs
        3. How to start hacking
        4. 1337 hacking?
        5. Conclusion
        6. References
--------------------------------

1. Hacking

What is hacking? It's the sequence of abusing codes in insecure manner.
You can compromise the target OS System as a server or client.
 
2. Hacking Stuffs

PoC, exploits, hacking tool, backdoor, kernel rootkits, phishing site,
and ransomware

3. How to start hacking

Hello- do you want to become a famous 1337 hacker in world hacker social
and for done it, do you know how to do start for it??
Ask yourself!

Honestly, I say!~
You need to understand the system to learn hacking firstly.
You can remeber the concept of hacking. as this, 1) you can learn
about the target programs. and 2) you can pose your hacking focus
onto it.

And So?? Try to Hack~!

Find many- many- security problems as these vulnerabilties.

And I give the question for how to working in the system inner side.

[Q]
- How to working the linux kernel?
- How to working the SUID bit binaries of su, sudo, ping, pulseaudio?

some noobs asked me like that 'how this program going to 
my mean that how the inner process?'. i noticed the truth to learn hacking 
funny and educational purpose, noob should be thinking like this
way or style. have many curious and many hack tries to do as possible.

have many curious about software inner working process.

4. 1337 hacking?

1) Vulnerability Research to archive the analyze the technically
   a program or program source codes after reading and reading for them.
   and should be security testing.
   That i mean *source code auditing** and have to find CVE like security
   bugs enough for you to spend times.
   If you have many rest times to do this job then you can be a 
   better researcher.

   I've expriened in a security company as a researcher for 1 year.
   in seoul city of korea. the hacker boss gave me the CVE link
   and references to do reearch for the month. then i did research alone.
   I was written 5 reports by using hwp word processor. 
   CVE report is all boundary 15 pages. them was similar formation reports.
   Somedays I made korean version exploits and tested. someday
   I made -1day exploits. the hacker boss conguraturations for me and him.
   he was likes to me.

   If you want to study CVE and you also can the working in an company.
   But If you want to learn research alone for an hobby then
   It's not good comfortable. You need to do raw-research style.
   with vim editor on linux. do source code auditing or reversing with
   x86 or x64 assembly. two~

2) Souce code auditing
   If you want to pick the bugs via Source code auditing, First
   You have to know 1) many security vulnerability concepts.
   For example) buffer overflow, format string bug, race condition bug,
   null pointer dref, uaf, sql injection, csrf, webshell upload, 
   buffer overread, off-by-one, ... you can learn their concepts 
   enough possible!

   And 2) read target program's source codes written by C or php language.
   You can easily find sql injection but hard to find buffer overflow and
   like system bugs. but I expected to you to pick up some bad codes
   in an source code directory. right? then let's try again to audit
   source codes and for many auditing expriences.
   If you tried to more and more with many exprienced, you will
   found many bugs. and write CVE reports in vim editor.

   Compile! and insert debug printf function calls to the source codes.
   And testing and testing to know how this source code version is 
   vulnerable! If you catch the bug then it's exploit writing time coming
   up!~
   

3) Make hacking tools
   awesome~!

5. Conclusion

Hacker could become a famous 1337. are you elite?? then it's so easy to become
a talent. but it's not a hacker. hacker have to know what about technical
hacking is...and read, write codes exactly and carefully.

It's hacker's only way. you should be learn hacking as an technology.
And Practice Hack again and study and Practice continuly.
You can do it as well.
Don't forget You are a hacker. And study!

6. References

[1] SecurityHacker: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security_hacker
    haha newbie is same with noob.
    i'm elite hacker. no blackhat and whitehat. i'm greyhat.


x90
